2.2:
  removed spurious calls to wind_set( 0, X_WF_DIALOG and WF_INFO

                        Geneva Macro Editor 2.1
                             by Dan Wilga
                 Copyright ½ 1997, Gribnif Software,
                          All Rights Reserved.


This program is COMMERCIAL. It is available only as part of the Geneva
Utilities Disk, purchased from Gribnif Software or an authorized
distributor.

Installation
------------

The Geneva Macro Editor can be installed as either a program or a desk
accessory. To run it as a program, simply double-click on GNVA_MAC.PRG.
When used this way, the macro editor can be passed commandline parameters
(see the Advanced Topics section below).

To run it as a desk accessory, move GNVA_MAC.PRG and GNVA_MAC.RSC to the
same folder you normally load your desk accessories from. Rename the
program to GNVA_MAC.ACC and reboot the computer.

Once it has installed as a desk accessory, you may also want to change the
"Macro file (GMA) directory" in the "Preferences" dialog. Refer to the
section of this manual describing the Preferences dialog for more
information. Also note that in order for the "Automatic GMA loading" option
to work, you must run the Editor as a desk accessory.

In either mode, you can also copy the GNVA_MAC.HLP file to the GENEVA\HELP
directory, where Geneva's own help files should also be stored. This will
allow you to get online help.


Compatibility Notes
-------------------

During testing, it was discovered that some older versions of the Nova VDI
driver for that graphics card do not get along with Geneva's method for
playing back macros. You must use version 2.61 or newer of the Nova VDI.


What Are Macros?
----------------

In computer terms, a macro is a way to perform a complex series of
operations by one much simpler action. With Geneva, a macro consists of one
or more of the four distinct types of "event":

  Timer:      Wait a number of milliseconds (1/1000 of a second) before
              continuing with the next event

  Button:     Click the left and/or right mouse button

  Mouse:      Position the mouse pointer to a specific X,Y coordinate on
              the screen

  Keyboard:   Act as though a particular key on the keyboard had been
              pressed

A Macro is played back by assigning a combination of keys on the keyboard
to it. Pressing this combination of keys will play the macro. A macro can
be stopped at any time by holding both Shift keys on the keyboard.

A macro can also generate certain extended events, such as typing the date
or time into an application, making a sound, or displaying a message.


What Can and Can't Be Recorded
------------------------------

All of the types of events listed above can be recorded. However, some
programs do not use the AES portion of GEM at all, and their events cannot
be recorded.  An example of this is if you were to run LHARC.TTP without
Geneva TOS. In this case, LHARC would not have any windows, menu bar, or
dialogs, and any keypresses you might send to LHARC cannot be recorded.


Why Did My Macro Stop Working?
------------------------------

One of the most important things to remember about the type of macros this
editor uses is that they are "position dependent". This means that if you
record the action of clicking with the mouse on a button in a dialog box,
and then move the dialog slightly, playing back the macro will cause the
mouse button to "click" at a location that might not be where the button is
anymore! You need to be very careful when recording mouse events for this
reason.

Another important thing to consider is pausing, or timer events. Let's say
you record a macro that opens a disk drive window and then double-clicks on
an icon in the window. If you play this macro it should work just fine.
But what happens when you add a lot of files to the directory? Now the
window takes a little longer to open, and the part of the macro that
double-clicks on the icon might act too soon because the delay before
double-clicking is too short for the new number of files in the directory.
In this case, you would have to manually find and edit the timer event to
make it longer.


The Main Window
---------------

The main macro editor window contains these elements:

o Close box:  Clicking here will quit the program if it was run as a PRG.
              If run as a desk accessory, just the main window and any
              dialogs will close; the program stays in memory.

o Mover bar:  This allows you to move the main window. It also contains the
              name of the current macro (GMA) file, if any.

o Iconify gadget: The iconify (delta) gadget will shrink the main window
              and any open dialogs down to a small window toward the lower
              left of the screen. Double-clicking on the icon in the
              iconified window will cause the window(s) to re-open.
              Holding the Control key on the keyboard while selecting the
              iconify gadget will cause all windows, including any editing
              windows, to be iconified.

o Information: When no items are selected, the info bar gives a total size
              of all items. When one or more items are selected, a total of
              those items is given.

o Menu bar:   Clicking on a title in the menu bar will allow you to choose
              items in the menu. See the section below for descriptions of
              each menu entry.

o Working area: The working area of the main window contains a list of
              macros that are currently in memory. Each macro has an
              editable name of up to 20 characters and, to the right, a
              keystroke that can be used to play that macro.


Selecting Macros in the List
----------------------------

Various operations can be performed on macros, once they have been
selected.

Clicking once with the mouse in the blank area of a macro not occupied by
the name or the keyboard equivalent button will select that macro and
de-select all other macros.

To select more than one macro at once, hold either Shift key while clicking
with the mouse.

To select a range of macros, start by selecting one macro. Position the
window so that the end of the range is visible. Hold the Control key while
clicking on the last macro in the range. All macros in the range are now
selected.

Once you have selected items in this list, you can use the Edit menu to
make changes to the items. Cut and Delete operations cannot be carried out
on global macros, which will appear with greyed-out text. None of a global
macro's options can be changed, either.


Editing Macro Names
-------------------

To change the name of one or more macros, start by clicking on the name of
a macro you wish to edit. A standard GEM edit cursor will appear within the
name, allowing you to use the normal editing keys to alter the name. Other
names in the list can be edited by using the up/down arrow keys, or the Tab
key on the keyboard.

Anytime you select a macro, as described in the previous section, the edit
cursor is turned off.


Keystrokes
----------

Whenever the Macro Editor needs to represent a key on the keyboard, it uses
the same notation Geneva normally does:

  o A "carat" (^) character means that Control is held.
  o An "up arrow" () character means that either Shift key is held.
  o A "close box" () character means that the Alternate key is held.

Any other character means that that key on the keyboard is pressed.  For
instance, the notation ^K means that Control and Shift are held as the K
key is pressed.

If there is a "???" instead of the name of a key on the keyboard, then this
means that no key has been assigned.


Editing Keystrokes
------------------

In order to change the keystroke that will activate a macro, click on the
button to the right of the macro's name. In this mode, you cannot use menus
or dialogs; the editor is waiting for a new keypress.

To set the key, hold the appropriate combination of Control, Shift, and
Alternate keys, and then press one of the other keys on the keyboard.  The
text of the button will update to reflect your choice. Note that there is
no difference between holding the left Shift key versus the right Shift
key.

If you attempt to change the keystroke to one that is already assigned to
another macro, you will hear a bell signal alerting you to the fact.

You can instead clear-out the keyboard equivalent, so that no keystroke
will cause the macro to play, by pressing the right mouse button. The text
in the button will change to "???".

You should be very careful when deciding what keystroke to use for a macro.
Anytime the key you choose is pressed, the macro will run. This means that
you really need to evaluate what keypresses are "safe". You should always
avoid using keystrokes that do not include one or more of the Shift,
Alternate, or Control keys being held, since these are typed very
frequently in text editors and dialogs.


Autostarting Macros
-------------------

Any macro can be set to start automatically at a certain time, and can
repeat indefinitely at preset intervals. Some uses for autostart macros
include automatically saving the document you are editing in an
application, making periodic backups, or reminding you of important events.

To autostart a macro, begin by deciding how often you want the macro to
repeat. Choose "once" if you only want the macro to play one time,
otherwise choose a different interval from the popup menu.

Then set the time and date for the macro to begin playing. Enter the time
by clicking on the time field to the right of the interval popup. An edit
cursor appears, allowing you to enter the time in 24-hour (military)
format. Remember that in 24-hour time, 1 pm is 13:00. The date must also be
entered. By default, the date and time of a macro match the date and time
it was created.

Now choose the "Autostart" checkbox. If the date/time you entered has
already gone by, the time of the macro is automatically incremented to the
next time the macro will play.

When the correct date and time are reached, the macro will play. If the
macro was set to only play once, the Autostart button is deselected.
Otherwise, the date and time are incremented to reflect the next time the
macro will play.

If a newly-loaded macro file contains autostart macros that should have
already been played, they are played as soon as the macro file finishes
loading.


The Main Window File Menu
-------------------------

  Open:       Opens a macro (GMA) file. All changes to the file currently
              in memory are lost. To edit the list of Global Macros, open
              GLOBAL.GMA.

  New:        Erases any macros from memory.

  Save:       Saves the file currently in memory, using its current name.
              If no name is defined, then this acts the same as "Save as".

  Save as:    Saves the file, allowing you to choose a new name. To start a
              list of Global Macros, save the current file to the name
              GLOBAL.GMA, in the "Macro file (GMA) directory", as
              specified in the "Preferences" dialog.

  Quit:       Quits the program, if it was run as a PRG. If run as a desk
              accessory, just the main window and any dialogs will close;
              the program stays in memory.

  When the macro editor first runs, it tries to load a file called
  DEFAULT.GMA that is in the "Macro file (GMA) directory", as specified in
  the "Preferences" dialog.


Extended Events
---------------

In addition to keyboard, mouse, and timer events, four other types of event
can be generated: typing the date or time, playing a system sound, and
displaying a message.

In order to take advantage of any of these events, you first need to have a
macro. If you do not already have a macro to add the event to, do the
following:

  1. From the main window's menu, select Record -> New Macro.
  2. Press the macro start/stop key twice. This creates a (nearly) empty
     macro.
  3. Assign a name and a keystroke to the macro (optional).
  4. Open the macro for editing by double-clicking in the white area
     around the macro's name. A new window will open.
  5. Any events already in this window can be deleted. Select the events
     and use the Edit -> Delete menu entry.
  6. Add the new event by choosing it from the Event menu.

For more information on what each of the extended events does, see the
description of the Edit Window "Event" Menu.


The Main Window Edit Menu
-------------------------

  Edit Macro: An edit window is opened for any selected macros, allowing
              you to edit the individual events that make up the macro.

  Delete Globals: Any Global Macros are deleted from memory. The contents
              of the GLOBAL.GMA file are not affected.

  New Macro:  A new, empty macro is created and an edit window is opened,
              allowing you to add new events. See also the Record Menu,
              below.

  Cut:        The selected macros are removed from memory and saved to the
              clipboard.

  Copy:       The selected macros are just copied to the clipboard.

  Paste:      If no macros are selected, the contents of the clipboard are
              pasted at the end of the macro list. If one or more macros
              are selected, the contents of the clipboard are inserted,
              starting just before the first selected macro.

  Delete:     The selected macros are removed from memory. This operation
              cannot be undone.


Global Macros
-------------

To avoid having to duplicate the same macro in many files, the macro editor
can treat a set of macros as "global", meaning they are always in memory.
This feature is especially useful when combined with the "Automatic GMA
loading" feature.

Global macros cannot be deleted or edited directly. They appear in gray
text, and their options are disabled. The only way to change them is to
edit the file GLOBAL.GMA. In order to function properly, this file must be
in the "Macro file (GMA) directory", as specified in the "Preferences"
dialog.

Global macros can be opened, so that their individual steps can be copied
to the clipboard, but changes are not allowed.

A global macro can be overridden by simply creating a regular macro with
the same keyboard equivalent.


The Main Window Record Menu
---------------------------

When New Macro is chosen, a new macro entry is created in the list.  The
macro is currently undefined, so its name and keypress are blank.  A small
dialog also appears, which tells you what keypress to use to start and
later stop recording. This keypress is defined in the "Preferences" dialog,
and defaults to Control-Shift-Alt-Esc.

Once this dialog appears, you should enter the application you want to
record the macro for, and make sure things are set up properly on the screen
so that you can begin recording.

Press the start/stop key, and you will hear a short tone to indicate that
recording has begun. If the application you are recording is still allowing
other applications to function, you will periodically notice the status
dialog updating to reflect the total number of evens that have been
recorded so far. Up to 8000 events can be recorded for each macro, though
only the first 1000 or so can be edited afterward.

When you are done recording, press the start/end key a second time.  You
will hear a second, descending tone to indicate the end of recording. At
this point, it is probably a good idea to return to the main macro editor
screen and assign a name and a keystroke to the new macro.

The rest of the entries in the Record menu control what types of events
will be recorded both by the New Macro function and also by the "Record"
function in the "Event" menu of an edit window.

If a type of event does not have a checkmark in front of it, that type of
event will not be recorded. This is a good way to keep macros as short as
possible. For instance, if you are recording a word processing macro to
type the characters "Fido", you can save some space in the macro by not
recording Timer, Button, or Mouse events.

Rather than recording a macro, a new, empty macro can be created with the
New Macro command in the Edit menu.


The Main Window Options Menu
----------------------------

  Preferences: This dialog controls several settings that affect how the
              Macro Editor works. See the section below for a description.

  Defaults:   This dialog lets you control what type of sound/date/time
              event is chosen by default when you add a new event of one of
              these types. It also lets you change the available formats of
              the time and date generated. See the section below for a
              description.

  Save Settings: Selecting this option will cause all of the dialog
              positions, the size and location of the main window, and the
              "Preferences" to be saved to GENEVA.CNF. When the Macro
              Editor first runs, it reads these settings.

  About:      Version number and copyright information about the Macro
              Editor.

  Help:       Obtains online help for the main window.


Preferences
-----------

  Start/stop recording:  When recording a macro, this keypress causes the
              actual recording to start and, later on, to end. The
              keypress can be edited, as described in the "Editing Keyboard
              Equivalents" section, by clicking on the button.

  Max. events per macro:  This is the largest number of events that any one
              macro can contain. Recording may end prematurely if the
              maximum number of events is exceeded. Increasing this number
              will allow you to record longer macros, but it also requires
              more memory (each step requires 6 bytes.)

  Macro file (GMA) directory:  This is the first place the macro editor
              looks for macro files. Also, when the macro editor first
              runs, it tries to load a file called DEFAULT.GMA that is in
              this directory. This directory is also used in conjunction
              with the "Automatic GMA loading" option.

  Automatic GMA loading:  When this option is chosen, the macro editor will
              try to load a new GMA file every time you switch focus from
              one application to another in Geneva. This allows you to have
              a separate set of macros for each major application you run.

              The name of the GMA file that gets loaded is taken from the
              file name of the application you switch to. For instance, if
              you switch to Atari Works, then the macro editor will try to
              load the file WORKS.GMA. For NeoDesk, the file would be
              NEODESK.GMA, since the main NeoDesk program is NEODESK.EXE.
              If there is no GMA file for the application, the DEFAULT.GMA
              file is loaded.

              The automatic loading will only occur if there are NO Geneva
              Macro Editor windows open at all. This is so that any edits
              you might be in the process of making will not be overwritten
              by loading a new file.

              If the main window is closed and the macros have changed
              without having been saved, then any time a new macro file
              would have been loaded automatically, the system bell will
              sound instead to remind you that no macro file was loaded.
              Save the macros that have changed and this bell will no
              longer sound.


Defaults
--------

This dialog lets you control what type of sound/date/time event is chosen
by default when you add a new event of one of these types. It also lets
you change the available formats of the time and date generated.

  Sound: Choose the default sound used when the "Sound" item in the
              Event menu is chosen.

  Date Format: The default format for a date event can be set here by
              selecting the "DFLT" button to the left of a format.

              Usually, the default formats are sufficient for most people,
              but they can be changed if you desire. The formats are
              entered using a C-style string. The following special
              sequences cause certain parts of a date to be inserted:

              %/  The M/D/Y separator, as taken from the _IDT system
                  cookie.
              %%  A percent sign (%).
              %b  The month's name, as a 3-letter abbreviation (Jan, Feb,
                  etc.)
              %B  The month's full name (January, February, etc.)
              %d  The day of the month (1-31).
              %m  The month number (1-12)
              %y  The 2-digit year (00-99)
              %Y  The 4-digit year

              Clicking on the "Test" button will display a popup menu that
              you can use to check the formats.

  Time Format: Just as with the date format, the default format for a time
              event can also be changed by selecting the "DFLT" button to
              the left of a format. The formats themselves can also be
              edited, using these sequences:

              %H  The hour (00-23)
              %I  The hour (1-12, usually followed with %p)
              %M  The number of minutes (1-59)
              %p  am or pm
              %s  The number of seconds (accurate to within 2 seconds)

Note that changing date/time formats will immediately affect any macros
which use the formats in the same position in the list.


Editing Macros
--------------

Rather than deleting a macro that is not correct, it is often easier to
edit an existing one so that it is more like what you intended.

If you double-click in the selection area of a macro, or select one or more
macros and then use the "Edit Macro" menu entry, then a separate edit
window will open for each macro you have chosen.

An edit window is a lot like the main window. It has the following
differences:

o The name in the mover bar is that of the macro being edited.

o The working area of the window contains the events which make up the
  macro:

  o Timer:    The length of a pause, in milliseconds (1/1000 of a second).

  o Button:   The state of the left and right mouse buttons. An X next to
              "Left" or "Right" means that the appropriate button is
              pressed at that time. Simply click on either button to change
              the state.

  o Mouse:    The X (horizontal) and Y (vertical) coordinates of the mouse
              pointer on the screen. Clicking on the Read button allows you
              to use a real mouse position. Move the mouse pointer to a
              location on the screen and click on the left mouse button to
              set this new location in the event. Click with the right
              mouse button to cancel the operation.

  o Keyboard: A keypress appears in a button, along with the ASCII
              character produced by that keypress, if any. Clicking on this
              button allows you to change the key, as described in the
              "Editing Keyboard Equivalents" section. When editing the key,
              you can press the left mouse button to display a complete
              table of all ASCII characters. This allows you to produce
              keystrokes that cannot normally be typed on your keyboard.
              Select a character with the mouse, or click outside the table
              to cancel the operation. If the character you click on can be
              produced from the keyboard, the correct sequence will appear
              in the button, along with the ASCII character.

              The first event in a macro is usually a keyboard event
              without any key assigned to it, like "^???". This is so that
              the initial state of the Control, Shift, and Alternate keys
              will be set correctly when the macro plays back.  If the
              macro does not rely on the state of these keys while doing
              mouse movement or button presses, then this first event can
              probably be removed.

  The values for Timer and Mouse events can be edited by clicking on the
  editable field with the mouse. At this point, a regular GEM edit cursor
  appears, allowing you to change the numerical value. While you are in
  this mode, you cannot use the menu bar or other applications. Press
  Return to end editing.

  New events (including sounds, the date or the current time, and message
  dialogs) can also be added by using the "Event" menu.

  Events in the list can be selected just like macros, as described in the
  "Selecting Macros in the List" section.


The Edit Window "Edit" Menu
---------------------------

  Cut:        The selected events are removed from memory and saved to the
              clipboard.

  Copy:       The selected events are just copied to the clipboard.

  Paste:      If no events are selected, the contents of the clipboard are
              pasted at the end of the list. If one or more events are
              selected, the contents of the clipboard are inserted,
              starting just before the first selected event.

  Delete:     The selected events are removed from memory. This operation
              cannot be undone.

  Close:      Closes the editor window, just like clicking on the window
              close gadget.

  The Cut and Delete options cannot be used on Global Macros.


The Edit Window Event Menu
--------------------------

  The first four entries in this menu will insert a new event of the chosen
  type. If no events are already selected, the new event is inserted at the
  end of the list. If one or more events are selected, the event is
  inserted just before the first selected event:

  o Timer:    Inserts a timer event, and immediately enters edit mode,
              allowing you to set the length of the pause, in milliseconds
              (1/1000 of a second).

  o Button:   Inserts a new button event. The states of the mouse buttons
              can be set by clicking on the "Left" and "Right" buttons.

  o Mouse:    Inserts a new mouse movement event. The X (horizontal) and Y
              (vertical) coordinates of the event are preset to be the
              current position of the mouse pointer on the screen.

  o Keyboard: Inserts a new keyboard event. Edit mode is entered
              automatically, allowing you to change the key, as described
              in the "Editing Keyboard Equivalents" section.

  o Sound:    Inserts a sound event. When the correct point in a macro is
              reached, a sound is played.

  o Date:     The current system date is sent through the keyboard, as
              though you had typed it. Click on the button to choose a
              format from the popup menu. It may be helpful to add a
              carriage return or space keypress after the date.

  o Time:     The current system time is sent through the keyboard. Click
              on the button to choose a format from the popup menu.

  o Message:  When this event occurs, a dialog appears on the screen with
              up to five lines of text. A message can be used to provide
              information about what the macro is doing, or as a reminder
              to the person using the computer. Note that only one message
              window can be open at a time, and the Macro Editor must not
              be asleep. See the Suggestions section for more info.

  The remainder of the options in this menu are:

  o Record:   Records a sequence of events, in the same way that "New
              Macro" works. If no events in the list are already selected,
              the new events are inserted at the end of the list. If one or
              more events are already selected, the new events are inserted
              just before the first selected event.

  o Test:     Plays the current macro, from start to finish. Macro playback
              can always be aborted by holding both Shift keys on the
              keyboard.

  o Help:     Obtains online help for the edit window.


The Edit Window Options Menu
----------------------------

The options in this menu will perform an operation on all events in the
macro, if no events are selected. If some events are selected, then only
those events will be affected. Note that these changes cannot be undone.

  o Edit All Timers: Opens a secondary dialog into which you can enter a
              new duration for any timer events. Only timer events are
              modified.

  o Remove All: The options under this heading delete all events of the
              chosen type.

  o Optimize: You can choose to automatically remove any events of the
              chosen type which are not necessary to the execution of the
              average macro. This makes the macro play more quickly, and
              the macro file takes up less disk space and RAM.  The "All"
              option optimizes all types of events, instead of just one.

              Because eliminating events in this way can lead to a macro
              which does not function properly, it is important that you
              understand what this option will do for each type of event:

              Timer: Any consecutive timer events are added together into
              one event. A timer event appearing at the end of a macro,
              one with a delay of zero, or one which is between two mouse
              movement events, is removed.

              Button: Any events where the states of the mouse buttons do
              not actually change are removed.

              Mouse: Any mouse movement that is followed by another mouse
              movement is removed. This is the most likely type of
              optimization to cause problems, since macros like one to
              select a menu entry rely heavily on the position of the
              mouse. However, for a macro to select a button in a dialog,
              you do not need to include all the events leading up to the
              mouse clicking at its final location, so this type of macro
              could have its mouse events optimized.

              Keyboard: Any keypresses that only change the state of the
              Control, Shift, or Alternate keys without actually typing a
              character, which are followed by another keystroke, get
              removed.


Advanced Topics: Commandline Parameters
---------------------------------------

If the Macro Editor is passed the name of a file when run as a GEM program
(usually with the PRG or GTP filename extension), it loads this file
automatically at startup.

Furthermore, if any text after the filename matches the name of a macro
contained in that file, then the macro is executed. The Macro Editor will
not open its window and will quit as soon as the macro has finished
playing, unless the [Control] key on the keyboard is held.

Example 1: open the file NEODESK.GMA in the default GMA directory

  Paramters passed:  neodesk.gma

Example 2: open the file C:\GENEVA\NEODESK.GMA

  Paramters passed:  c:\geneva\neodesk.gma

Example 3: open the file NEODESK.GMA and execute the macro "Open C:"

  Paramters passed:  neodesk.gma Open C:

Example 4: execute the macro "Open C:" from DEFAULT.GMA

  Paramters passed:  Open C:


Advanced Topics: Cut/Paste
--------------------------

When the Macro Editor cuts events from an editor window, these events are
stored in a format that allows them to be pasted back into the main window
as a new macro. This allows you to isolate part of a macro and create a new
macro from it. The new macro will, of course, have no name or keyboard
equivalent initially.

Similarly, an entire macro that has been saved to the clipboard from the
main window can be pasted into an edit window.


Advanced Topics: Making Large-scale Changes
-------------------------------------------

Because the Macro Editor uses a standard SCRAP.TXT file, you can make more
complex changes to a macro by using a text editor:

1. Copy the macro to the clipboard using the Edit menu.

2. Locate the SCRAP.TXT file in your clipboard folder and load it into a
   text editor or word processor. Depending on the program you are using,
   you may be able to simply Paste it into the program.

3. Make the appropriate changes, and save the file. Be sure to save "as
   ASCII" if you are using a word processor.

4. Paste the macro back into the Macro Editor.


Advanced Topics: Foreign Keyboards
----------------------------------

A recorded keystroke consists of two things: a "scan code", which is a
number saying which physical key was pressed on the keyboard, and the ASCII
value, which is the character produced by that keypress. If these values do
not match properly, a program you ask to process the macro may not react as
you expect. It may act as though a different key alltogether has been
pressed.

The Macro Editor tries very hard to make sure that the ASCII value and the
scan code of a keypress will always match. However, you should be aware
that there is one case where the two will be different, and that is for
different versions of TOS intended for different countries. If, for
instance, you record the keypress to produce a double-quote, ", on a US
keyboard and play this macro back on a machine with UK TOS, you may not get
the expected result because the key at this position on the keyboard is
supposed to produce a different ASCII value. Since some programs rely on
the ASCII portion of the keycode and others rely on the scan code, it is
difficult to predict what will happen.

The solution is to edit the macro and correct the keypress. One other
situation that may cause a similar problem is if you use a utility which
allows you to alter the keyboard mapping. A macro recorded with one
keyboard configuration may not produce the same results with another.


Changes for 2.0
---------------

  Can take a filename passed on cmdline. If macro name present, macro is
    played and program quits, unless Control is held. See Advanced Topics
    for more info.

  Can now play sounds, send date/time, and display messages. Defaults are
    set in new dialog.

  Added Global macros.

  Macros can be started or repeated based on the date/time.

  Settings from 1.0 in GENEVA.CNF will not be read. Old GMA files can be
    loaded, but they will be saved in a new format.

  No longer causes spurious key repeats on a Falcon (actually patches a
    bug in Geneva 004).
