1.8:

  Changed version scheme
  Removed copy protection and registration
  Updated the About dialog, removing registration info
  Made the file selector compatible with Hatari
  Fixed a crash when loading from the AUTO folder under EmuTOS
  Fixed a problem with INSTALL.PRG (and possibly other programs) not finding
    files because the default path is not set correctly when they first run
  If JARxxx is not run before GENEVA.PRG in the AUTO folder, try to run it
    from there. This allows Geneva to run in an AUTO folder on a Hatari disk
    disk drive under GEMDOS emulation.

007:

  Fixed wind_set( 0, X_WF_MINMAX call in TASKMAN
  Fixed CH_EXIT, added NeoDesk 4 005 hack
  Added Pexec(100) hack
  Added Mxalloc hack
  Fixed cursor drawing in centered GDOS_BITM
  Fixed a case where a windowed dialog's cursor would not get redrawn
    when topping the dialog.
  _appl_yield (trap #2 with $C9 in D0) now works
  Fixed possible crash when reusing a popup (SMU)
  Fixed drawing of selected G_STRINGs in Atari 3D background mode (SMU)
  Popup up/down arrows now keep the Atari 3D background color
  Automatically generated keyboard equivalent underscores are now in
    the correct color for Atari 3D G_STRINGs

new:

  proportional fonts in alerts & menus. Don't allow change prop in
    temp flags!

sugg:

  cycle keys work for sleeping apps?
  no multiple instances
  windows subs attached to Desk menu. ^Click closes, sh-click iconifies


Geneva 006 Revision Notes                               2/16/97

IMPORTANT: You must use the version of GNVA_TOS which is written by this
patch program. The version incuded with Geneva 005 will go into an endless
loop of trying to open itself.

Since 2/9:

Tested and fixed Pfork() support.

Since 005:

The shel_find() (and, therefore rsrc_load()) function now looks in the
application's "home" directory as a last resort. This means that starting
an application which requires a RSC file will work when the app' default
path is not the same as the RSC's location.

The rsrc_load() function now sets global[9] to the size of the loaded
resource file. (MG_FTP)

If a multitasking application uses shel_write() mode 1 to launch a TOS
child, the child is now run in a TOSRUN window, if possible. (THING)

Whenever Geneva's item selector is called from within a prorgam which knows
how to use MiNT's extended filesystems, the directories displayed in the
item selector are no longer in lowercase. Previously, this caused lots of
case-sensitivity problems.

Fixed an obscure problem having to do with entering singletasking mode
after using Sleep This.

shel_write() mode 7 (broadcast to all applications) now works.  Previously,
this function was incorrectly only available as mode 6. Now, for backward
compatibility, both 6 and 7 do the same thing. The new_aes.h file has been
corrected as well.


2/9/97
------

Note: there have been slight changes to the format of GENEVA.CNF, however
006 will read CNF files from all previous versions.

The keycode for accessing the process manager introduced in 005 has changed
to [Control][Shift][Alt][Tab]. This keycode can now be changed using the
Task Manager, and is saved with the rest of Geneva's settings. The state of
the process manager's Details button is also saved now.

The Limit memory flag works again.

When an app launches a child by using the old (non-multitasking) Pexec mode
0, the child is no longer run in singletasking mode. The parent is still
put to sleep, though. The result is that programs like UPoint, which call
modules to perform a task before returning to the parent, will no longer be
the only application on the screen. It also means that running a child from
shells like Pure C and the Pure Debugger will not result in only the child
being on screen.  There is an undocumented way to disable this, should it
cause incompatibilities. Contact us for details.

Geneva can now handle the case where a process running under MiNT performs
a Pfork() or Pvfork() and then makes an AES call.

Fixed a cosmetic error which occurred when scrolling the process manager
list while items were selected.

Programs which use an undocumented mode of iconification now work
(ST-GUIDE, FREEDOM)

The call appl_find("?AGI") now returns 0, to indicate the presence of a
fully-implemented appl_getinfo() function in Geneva. As a result, some
programs that previously did not use 3D buttons when Geneva was present may
now do so.

Numerous fixes have been made to the way background objects are drawn with
Atari-style 3D colors, particularly disabled objects.

Fixed a case where internal memory structures could possibly become
corrupted when running under MiNT.

The ob_spec fields of G_CICONs are now handled more like MultiTOS. It is
now possible for a program to create a G_CICON that Geneva can display
without the need for a resource file.

Using the runacc command in GEM.CNF (or running TASKMAN by any method from
GEM.CNF) won't sometimes cause other apps run from GEM.CNF not to start.

Fixed a rare problem with singletasking apps not getting keyboard events.
(PMJ_ENG2)

Changes in GNVA_TOS:

GNVA_TOS now returns a correct length for Fread() from the console.
Pressing Control-C also now terminates the TOS program more quickly in this
case.

Fixed a bug that would sometimes result in extra characters being
displayed.

In general, handling of i/o redirection has been improved greatly.

Writing a single character to the console is faster now.
