                        Geneva Desktop Pattern
                             by Dan Wilga
                 Copyright ½ 1995, Gribnif Software,
                          All Rights Reserved.


This program is COMMERCIAL. It is available only as part of the Geneva
Utilities Disk, purchased from Gribnif Software or an authorized
distributor.


Installation
------------

The Geneva Desktop Pattern application must be installed as a desk
accessory. Copy GNVADESK.ACC and GNVADESK.RSC to the same folder you
normally load your desk accessories from and reboot the computer.

You can also copy the GNVADESK.HLP file to the GENEVA\HELP directory, where
Geneva's own help files should also be stored. You can leave the HLP file
in the same directory as GNVADESK.ACC, but this may just add to the clutter
in that directory.


What It Does
------------

When you are not running any applications that have their own desktops,
Geneva normally uses a deafult gray or green pattern for the desktop. it
also uses this same desktop when switching to a singletasking application.

Since there is normally no easy way to redefine the appearance of this
desktop, the Geneva Desktop Pattern accessory was created. It allows you to
customize the default desktop by choosing among the default fill patterns
that are part of GEM.  Furthermore, if you have NeoDesk 4, you can use
NeoDesk's desktop pattern or picture.


The Main Window
---------------

The main window contains these elements:

o Close box:      Clicking here will close the main window. Any changes you
                  have made to the options will be remembered, so that you
                  can reopen the window with the settings in tact. However,
                  changes to the options do not actually go into effect.
                  To have them take place, you must use either the Set
                  button or the Ok button.

o Mover bar:      This allows you to move the main window.

o Iconify gadget: The iconify (delta) gadget will shrink the main window
                  down to a small window toward the lower left of the
                  screen. Double-clicking on the icon in the iconified
                  window will cause the window to reopen.

o Menu bar:       Clicking on a title in the menu bar will allow you to
                  choose items in the menu. See the section below for
                  descriptions of each menu entry.

o Working area:   The working area of the window contains a dialog which
                  gives you control over the replacement desktop pattern:

  o Sample:       In the upper left corner, there is a sample of what the
                  new desktop pattern will look like.

  o Pattern:      Selecting the left or right arrows in the Pattern section
                  will cycle forward or backward through the list of
                  patterns. The center of this bar contains a sample of the
                  currently selected pattern. Clicking here will produce a
                  popup menu, from which you can choose a new pattern.

  o Color:        Selecting the left or right arrows in the Color section
                  will cycle forward or backward through the list of 16
                  colors. The center of this bar contains a sample of the
                  current color. Clicking here will produce a popup menu,
                  from which you can choose a new color. Note that any
                  colors your current video display mode cannot reproduce
                  will be black.

  o Use NeoDesk's Picture:  If you are using NeoDesk 4, then the desktop
                  pattern can be replaced with the picture, if any, that
                  NeoDesk is using as its desktop. Any Desktop Notes will
                  also be displayed. If NeoDesk is not using a desktop
                  picture, and the "Use NeoDesk's Pattern" option is not
                  selected, then things will look just like they would if
                  NeoDesk was not running: the normal pattern will be used.

  o Use NeoDesk's Pattern:  If you are using NeoDesk 4, then the desktop
                  pattern can be made the same as the one NeoDesk is using.
                  Any Desktop Notes will also be displayed.  However, if
                  NeoDesk is using a desktop picture, and the "Use
                  NeoDesk's Picture" option is selected, then the picture
                  will be used instead of the pattern.

  o Set:          Selecting this button will update the default desktop
                  with the settings that are currently in the main dialog.
                  The window is left open so that you can make further
                  changes.

  o Ok:           This button updates the default desktop with the settings
                  that are currently in the main dialog and closes the
                  window.

  o Cancel:       This button will close the window. The options will also
                  revert to what they were when the Set or Ok button was
                  last used.


More About NeoDesk
------------------

If you are using either of the NeoDesk-related options, and NeoDesk quits
or is Unloaded for Execution of another program, the default desktop will
revert to the standard pattern. When and if NeoDesk returns, the pattern
will be restored to the correct state automatically.


Other Patterns
--------------

If you use Warp 9 from Codehead Technologies, you can edit the appearance
of the fill patterns that are used. Please consult the Warp 9 manual for
more information.
